<slot name="/events/gcc2023/header" />

## Brisbane, Australia

Yes, we are going to Australia this year!
[Brisbane](https://www.visitbrisbane.com.au/) is the capital of the state of
Queensland in Australia. It is a large, modern city with a population of over
2.5 million people. Located on the east coast of Australia, Brisbane has a
subtropical climate with mild winters (which is when GCC2023 will be held
there). The city is known for its beautiful parks and gardens, including the
Brisbane Botanic Gardens, South Bank Parklands, the Lone Pine Koala Sanctuary,
and many more.

Brisbane is also home to a thriving arts and culture scene, with numerous
galleries, museums, and performance venues. There is a great choice of
restaurants and cuisines, including Australian, Asian, and Japanese food.

Within an hour drive are Australian Zoo, Moreton Island, and Gold Coast as some of
the prime Australian destinations, offering a range of activities and
attractions such as surfing, hiking, and wildlife encounters.

### Getting to Brisbane

The [Brisbane Airport](https://www.bne.com.au/) code is BNE.

Brisbane is well connected to much of the eastern Asia, west coast of North
America, and the United Arab Emirates. If you are traveling from other locations
in the world, a layover will be necessary.

Before making travel arrangements, don't forget to check any [visa
requirements](https://usa.embassy.gov.au/visa-requirements) for traveling to
Australia. If you need a visa application letter from the conference, please
contact the [Organizers](/events/gcc2023/organizers/).

The airport is located approximately 13 kilometers (8 miles) from the city
center with [many options to get to the
city](https://www.bne.com.au/passenger/to-and-from/transport-options).

## Venue

GCC2023 will be held at the [Queensland University of
Technology](https://www.qut.edu.au/) (QUT) [Gardens Point
campus](https://www.qut.edu.au/about/campuses-and-facilities/gardens-point-campus).
This is a beautiful location in the center of the city and right on the Brisbane
river.

## Housing

Housing details are still being worked on. Please check back here in a few weeks
for more details.
