---
title: Publicly Accessible Galaxy Servers
autotoc: true
layout: server_index.pug
---

<img src="/src/public-galaxy-servers/90-plus-slide.png" alt="and counting"
class="img-fluid center-block" />

The Galaxy Project's public server ([usegalaxy.org](http://usegalaxy.org/)) can
meet many needs, but it is not suitable for everything (see
[Choices](/src/choices/index.md) for why). Fortunately the Galaxy
[Community](/src/community/index.md) is helping out by [installing
Galaxy](/src/admin/get-galaxy/index.md) at their institutions and then making
those installations either publicly available or open to their organizations or
community. This page lists publicly accessible Galaxy servers.  To be included
here a server must be accessible to any academic researcher anywhere in the
world. Some servers may require logins and enforce quotas.

If you maintain a public instance of Galaxy it is recommended to sign up for
the public servers [mailing
list](https://lists.galaxyproject.org/listinfo/galaxy-public-servers) to
receive security fixes with priority.

<div class="alert alert-success" role="alert"> **To add** your public Galaxy
server to this list [describe the server
here](https://docs.google.com/forms/d/1KBkyhAPpgJLanRWBoIHmwtEJELDUifZLUixfoqZXXU4/viewform?usp=send_form)
and we'll post it this directory.</div>

[**Galaxy Services**](/src/galaxy-services/index.md)

There are also a number of [Galaxy services](/src/galaxy-services/index.md)
that make Galaxy available to research communities, sometimes restricted on a
geographical or domain basis.  See the [Galaxy services
list](/src/galaxy-services/index.md).

[**Public ToolSheds**](/src/toolshed/public-toolsheds/index.md)

In addition to the the [main Galaxy](http://toolshed.g2.bx.psu.edu/) and
[Test](http://testtoolshed.g2.bx.psu.edu/) ToolSheds, several groups have made
their [tools available through publicly accessibly
ToolSheds](/src/toolsheds/public-toolsheds/index.md).

[**Public Server Dashboard**](https://grafana.denbi.uni-freiburg.de/dashboard/db/public-galaxy-servers)

The folks are Freiburg have put together a [public Galaxy server dashboard](https://stats.usegalaxy.eu/d/000000020/public-galaxy-servers?orgId=1) to track the status and some of the supported features of the servers listed here.  See the [blog post](/src/blog/2017-10-public-galaxy-dashboard/index.md) for more info.

