---
title: "2023 Galaxy Community Conference (GCC2023)"
skip_title_render: true
autotoc: false
components: true
subsites: [all]
---

<slot name="/events/gcc2023/header" />

<div class="card-deck lead">

  <!-- About GCC2023 -->
  <div class="card" style="min-width: 30%; max-width: 40rem;">
    <img src="/images/events/gcc2023/gcc-logo.png" class="card-img-top" alt="GCC2023" />
    <div class="card-header">GCC conference</div>

The Galaxy Community Conference (GCC) is an annual conference focused on the use
and development of the [Galaxy platform](https://galaxyproject.org/) for
data-intensive biomedical research. The conference brings together researchers,
developers, and users of Galaxy from a variety of disciplines to share their
experiences, knowledge, and skills.

The conference includes talks, posters, and workshops on a wide range of topics
related to Galaxy, including genomics, proteomics, transcriptomics, and more.
The GCC also provides an opportunity for attendees to learn about the latest
developments in the Galaxy platform and to connect with other members of the
Galaxy community.

  </div>


  <!-- Schedule & Key Dates -->
  <div class="card" style="min-width: 30%; max-width: 30rem;">
    <img src="/images/events/gcc2023/key-dates.png" class="card-img-top" alt="Key Dates" />
    <div class="card-header">Key Dates</div>

GCC2023 will be held from July 10-17, 2023 with registration and abstract
submission deadlines several months earlier. Keep checking the [Key
Dates](/events/gcc2023/key-dates/) page for the complete list of dates, which
will be updated as soon as they are set.

  </div>

<!-- Brisbane -->
  <div class="card" style="min-width: 30%; max-width: 30rem;">
    <img src="/images/events/gcc2023/brisbane.jpg" class="card-img-top" alt="Brisbane, AU" />
    <div class="card-header">Brisbane, Australia</div>

[Brisbane](https://www.australia.com/en-us/places/brisbane-and-surrounds/guide-to-brisbane.html)
is the capital city of the state of Queensland, Australia. It is known for its
subtropical climate, outdoor lifestyle, and cultural attractions. The city is
home to the Brisbane River, which winds its way through the city center and is
lined with parks, gardens, and restaurants. Some popular attractions include the
Brisbane Botanic Gardens, the Gallery of Modern Art, and South Bank, a large
inner-city beach and entertainment precinct. Come check it out for yourself.

  </div>


  <!-- Galaxy Australia -->
  <div class="card" style="min-width: 30%; max-width: 30rem;">
    <img src="/images/events/gcc2023/galaxyp-au-logo.png" class="card-img-top" alt="Galaxy Australia" />
    <div class="card-header">Galaxy Australia</div>

**[Galaxy Australia](https://www.biocommons.org.au/galaxy-australia)** is one of
the BIG THREE managed [usegalaxy services](https://galaxyproject.org/usegalaxy/)
and its members have been key contributors to the Galaxy project for over a
decade. It is hosted by the [BioCommons
consortium](https://www.biocommons.org.au/), which aims to support the
development of open and collaborative approaches to biomedical research in
Australia. Galaxy AU is thrilled to bring the entire community together in 2023
and showcase its home base.

  </div>


  <!-- Travel -->
  <div class="card" style="min-width: 30%; max-width: 32%">
    <img src="/images/events/gcc2023/travel/transit.png" class="card-img-top" alt="Travel" />
    <div class="card-header">Travel</div>

**Getting here is easy peasy - a couple of days on the airplane, and you'll be
here ðŸ˜‰.**  The [Brisbane airport (BNE)](https://www.bne.com.au/) is very well
connected within Australia as well as the rest of the world. There are direct
international flights form the west coast of America, United Arab Emirates, and
many cities in eastern Asia. The conference will be held at the Queensland
University of Technology (QUT) with several nearby lodging options. **See the
[Travel page](/events/gcc2023/travel/) for details.**

  </div>

</div>
